December of this year we passed the request
alexey aleksandrovich and rewe about
Works of underground clubs in Artyomovsk
gaming clubs and passed the list of addresses
which our users published in
comments to this news
after that we got an answer about what
on this fact recorded in the register to
court ship investigations now
place various legal proceedings have already
the end of the tank can be a matter of the stage
groove on my street thieves there
25 pieces of friends also one thing in court
two matrices one Soviet will
most likely the air strips remained with
Sensors ska until only say two
fact for the rest yes i'm sort of
certain information will be
work being done compare too
said nothing because the games
he like how this situation both beads
the city itself
here you drink because you want yes
drugs then one thing no applicant yes
have she not people want to do this to
Is there something for example, but wants to
and you will not write statements
with me steppe
myself yes let's go to the show I just
gone and some other different questions
moments we deal with the rocks 22 cases
will be the essence of one already in court and the second
will have already withdrawn 25 slot machines
yes she is even bigger than me in that city
front stiga overall lobby but again
I will say more
understand here how i would like to
frosting is not only militia
let's say the fight with the gaming business
be on my 10 together on the eleventh
Yes, I rob and kill
I went to a few from me
colossal public security
order here is the mechanism today because
knew that there would be a provocation freedom pony
do you know now
cloudlessness
already that is not action remember that
more dissolved try the police
there-there-there the station and all these gadgets
so many tasks of the police many task
I’m responsible for everything 1 2 is now fighting
gaming business is not a priority
urban how would you answer such
question is not provocative inspire spent
I will answer this comparison
Tell me what priority I pay 100 rubles
grandmother or shook
stas revelation million four hundred what
ruler for a person to flow
immediately for me if there is up to a month
I will tell the priority in action I will say to
example yes, and here too, the grandmother who
so important is the colossal gemini a
last reviews that u live and therefore
name something to rule and there is already a matter
everything needs to be done everything needs to live there on
speeds of 200 100 kilometers per hour on how
learn you need to try to do everything a
if you sum up last year in
last year some facts exactly
disclosing underground gaming club
I looked at the trial in my five girl from
we went to court on land really with
real terms i'm just not completely
or even more than we do I complete me
these seized as then on destruction to
to others
he can therefore such here many such
here are the questions
many pasan faces